[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[meteo-qt.meteo-qt_ents]
file_filter = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_<lang>.ts
source_file = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_en.ts
source_lang = en
trans.bg = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_bg.ts
trans.ca = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_ca.ts
trans.cs = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_cs.ts
trans.da = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_da.ts
trans.de = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_de.ts
trans.el = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_el.ts
trans.es = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_es.ts
trans.fi = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_fi.ts
trans.fr = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_fr.ts
trans.he = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_he.ts
trans.hu = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_hu.ts
trans.it = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_it.ts
trans.ja = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_ja.ts
trans.lt = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_lt.ts
trans.nb = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_nb.ts
trans.nl = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_nl.ts
trans.pl = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_pl.ts
trans.pt = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_pt.ts
trans.pt_BR = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_pt_BR.ts
trans.ro = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_ro.ts
trans.ru = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_ru.ts
trans.sk = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_sk.ts
trans.sv = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_sv.ts
trans.tr = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_tr.ts
trans.uk = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_uk.ts
trans.vi = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_vi.ts
trans.zh_CN = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_zh_CN.ts
trans.zh_TW = meteo_qt/translations/meteo-qt_zh_TW.ts
type = QT
